get_cue_labels_from_model etc. As I said, I do NOT want to keep these functions. Rather, once we've ported their functionality in the new methods, we should delete those functions. this also means that I do not want you to spend time adjusting those legacy functions. Here's an update list of steps for the conversion of legacy functionality into the new S7 approach:

1) expand the new methods to cover the functionality of the legacy functions. E.g. when get_cue_labels_from_model allows specification of indices, so that only the specified cue labels are returned, integrate that idea into the new get_cue_labels.

2) make sure that similar logic is implemented consistently. e.g., if get_category_labels_from_model doesn't happen to have the indeces functionality, nevertheless add it to the new get_category_label

3) document the new functionality by copying (standardized) descriptions from the legacy roxygen documentation to the documentation of the (revised) new methods.

4) replace all calls  to the old legacy functions anywhere in the legacy code with calls to the new methods

5) mark the legacy functions that have been integrated into the new method as deprecated.

6) port tests of the legacy function to the new method (organizing test files in the same way that they were organized in the legacy code).

7) run ported tests for new methods and run tests for higher-level legacy code that now uses the new methods instead of the old legacy lower-level functions.

8) repeat step 1-7 (each time checking with me), starting from the lowest-level functions to increasingly more high-level functions that call the low-level functions.

9) whenever all code in an R file is marked as deprecated, change the filename by prefixing "deprecated-post-s7-".






TBD:

f) for categorize(), demonstrate the output of the three different decision rules to me with an example



Where am I?

+ unlike the other functions we have been migrating, the stanfit-related functions were already not working prior to migration. Our goal should thus be to:

a) make completely new S7-based code for stanfit functions that follows our S7 approach so far, including the naming scheme.
b) validate that new code.
b) if function names change in the new code, compared to the legacy stanfit-related code, have (deprecated) wrappers that keep the old function names but 
call the new (working) code. 
